Good is good
I said that this damn fat man is afraid to make another fortune
I don't know where I found this broken iron lump
It's still 10,000 yuan
Normally, you can see that this stud doesn't understand anything
This time it fell into the hands of the fat man
I'm going to kill him
I'm good stuff
Guaranteed to be genuine
If it weren't for an emergency at home
I don't want to eat my treasures either.
Master, this thing is not worth the money at all
I want ten thousand yuan
I'll transfer money to you.
10,000 yuan
little brother
Listen to my brother's words
I bought this thing and left it.
No returns, hehehe.
With this guy's hands so strong
10,000 yuan is used to practice hand strength
Really work